[SQUEAKING]
[CREAKING]
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
AAH!
JADEN!
ARE YOU OKAY?
OH, MAN! WEIRD DREAM.
I SAW A GIRL.
A GIRL?
Fontaine: YOU MUST
BE FEELING BETTER
IF YOU'RE DREAMING
ABOUT GIRLS!
HOW IS NIGHTSHR--
I MEAN, ALEXIS' BROTHER?
I'M AFRAID HE HASN'T
WOKEN UP YET.
BUT STILL, HE'S IN
STABLE CONDITION.
GO, MY MINIONS!
FIND ME MY PREY,
SO THAT WE CAN SUCCEED
WHERE NIGHTSHROUD HAS FAILED.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Boy: HEY, DID YOU HEAR
ABOUT THE VAMPIRE?!
Second Boy: VAMPIRE?
DUDE! I SAW HER
WITH MY OWN TWO EYES!
OR AT LEAST
MY ROOMMATE DID.
SHE'S GOT
THESE GIGANTIC FANGS!
WAIT, ARE YOU SAYING
IT'S A SHE?!
Girl:
I AM SO NOT KIDDING!
IT'S A GIRL VAMPIRE!
WELL, SHE BETTER STAY
AWAY FROM MY BOYFRIEND.
VAMPIRE?!
Sheppard: I'M AFRAID
THE RUMORS MAY NOT
BE RUMORS AFTER ALL.
OH, MY!
PLEASE!
IT'S A PRACTICAL JOKE!
A JOKE?
IT WASN'T A JOKE
THAT PUT JADEN
IN THE HOSPITAL.
DO YOU THINK
SHE'S A SHADOW RIDER?
PERHAPS.
SO LISTEN:
BE ON THE LOOKOUT
FOR ANYTHING
STRANGE.
LET'S SEE THIS VAMPIRE GIRL
TRY TO GET THE DROP
ON THE CHAZZ!
A VAMPIRE?!
WHAT'S NEXT, THE BOOGEYMAN?!
HA HA HA!
WHO WOULD BELIEVE
SOMETHING SO RIDICULOUS!
I KNOW YOU'RE OUT THERE!
I HAVE A HUGE
HORROR MOVIE COLLECTION--
I KNOW ALL YOUR WEAK SPOTS!
I'M READY FOR YOU!
HOW'S JADEN?
HE HASN'T SAID ANYTHING
SINCE LAST NIGHT.
OH.
HOW'S YOUR BROTHER,
ALEXIS?
PRETTY MUCH
THE SAME.
BUT HE'LL
GET BETTER.
I KNOW IT.
HE'S A FIGHTER,
YOU KNOW?
I KNOW!
I JUST HOPE
THE REST ARE AS WELL.
AFTER ALL,
IT SOUNDS LIKE
THE NEXT SHADOW RIDER
IS HERE.
MY PRECIOUS.
WHAT DID YOU BRING ME?
AH, SO THIS IS OUR OPPOSITION.
HMM, WHO SHALL IT BE?
YOU!
YOU WILL BE MY FIRST.
Chazz: GOOD NEWS,
CHANCELLOR!
I SEARCHED
THE WHOLE CAMPUS,
AND THERE'S NO--
Chumley:
VAMPIRE!!!
I SAW HER!
SHE'S AT THE LAKE!
Bastion: I THINK
SHE'S EXPECTING US.
Crowler: AT LEAST
IT'S THE RED CARPET
TREATMENT.
CRIMSON RED.
HOW FITTING.
WHAT NOW?
NOW WE FACE HER.
YEAH, BUT WHO?
Both: UNH!
AAH!
OH, WOW! YOU ARE
SO BRAVE!
WE'LL BE RIGHT
BEHIND YOU!
YES,
BY A GOOD 10 FEET.
HEY, I HAVE AN IDEA!
LET'S DRAW STRAWS
TO SEE WHO GOES!
NOW, WHERE CAN
WE FIND SOME STRAWS?
OH, NEVER YOU MIND!
I'LL FIND THEM,
JUST DON'T FOLLOW ME.
Chazz: SORRY,
CROWLER, YOU'RE UP.
SYRUS!
DR. CROWLER'S
GONNA DUEL
AGAINST
THE VAMPIRE LADY!
GREAT, HE'LL BEAT HER
EASY, RIGHT?
WRONG, SY!
CROWLER MAY TALK
A BIG GAME,
BUT HE PLAYS
A TERRIBLE ONE!
UHH...
HMM?
[WHIMPERING]
SO, CROWLER,
WHAT'S THE HOLD UP?
IF YOU'RE IN
SUCH A HURRY,
WHY DON'T YOU
GO FIRST!
[SQUEAKING]
GENTLEMEN,
WHY DON'T I JUST COME TO YOU?
AND WHO MIGHT YOU BE?
I'M YOUR CHALLENGER.
HMM, I DON'T THINK SO.
I CRAVE ANOTHER.
YOU ARE NOT WORTHY!
I...I BEG YOUR PARDON?!
I HAVE A PhD IN DUELING!
THAT TAKES 9 YEARS IN
DUEL SCHOOL, YOU KNOW!
FINE. IF YOU'RE
THAT ANXIOUS TO LOSE
YOUR KEY,
THEN YOU MAY DUEL ME,
CAMULA, VAMPIRE MISTRESS
OF THE SHADOW RIDERS.
SO SHE IS THE VAMPIRE?
I NEED TO GET
NEW HORROR MOVIES.
RUBBER BATS
AND PLASTIC TEETH!
YOUR TRICKS DON'T SCARE ME.
WELL, THEN,
PERHAPS THIS WILL.
IF YOU LOSE,
I GET YOUR SOUL.
WELL, ACTUALLY,
THIS LITTLE DOLL DOES.
YOU WANT
TO TAKE HIS SOUL
AND THE KEY?!
FORGET IT!
IS THAT ALL?
DON'T WANT ANYTHING
FOR YOUR MUMMY?
OR PERHAPS SOMETHING
FOR YOUR PET WEREWOLF
TO CHEW ON?
BE CAREFUL
WHAT YOU WISH FOR.
IT MAY JUST COME TRUE.
NOW THEN, KEY KEEPER,
LET'S DUEL!
Both: DUEL!
SO, KEY KEEPER,
YOU DON'T BELIEVE
IN WEREWOLVES?
WELL, PERHAPS THIS
WILL CONVINCE YOU.
RISE,
ZOMBIE WEREWOLF!
AND I WILL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN CARD.
PLEASE.
WHAT DO YOU TAKE ME FOR,
SOME SORT OF PATHETIC
AMATEUR?
THAT FACEDOWN
IS OBVIOUSLY A TRAP,
AND THAT MANGY FLEABAG
IS CLEARLY THE BAIT!
BUT EVEN SO, I'LL BITE.
BECAUSE YOU'VE
BITTEN OFF MORE
THAN YOU CAN CHEW.
FIRST, I PLAY
THE SPELL CARD
ANCIENT GEAR CASTLE!
IT GIVES ALL MY ANCIENT
GEAR CREATURES
300 EXTRA ATTACK POINTS!
AND SECOND, I'LL PLAY
THE ANCIENT GEAR SOLDIER
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND NOW, CAMULA,
I THINK IT'S TIME
WE GAVE THAT FILTHY
SLOBBERING MONGREL
OF YOURS HIS SHOTS!
ATTACK!
RAPID FIRE FLURRY!
[HOWLS]
I GUESS THAT CROWLER
IS MORE OF A CAT PERSON.
THAT WAS FUN!
I SHOULD GET OUT OF
THE CLASSROOM MORE OFTEN!
ON THE CONTRARY,
YOU SHOULD STUDY UP!
THEN YOU'D KNOW,
MY WEREWOLF
IS COMING BACK!
BUT HOW?!
AH, THE LIVING.
I FORGET THE IGNORANCE
OF A BEATING HEART!
WHEN ZOMBIE WEREWOLF'S
DESTROYED,
I GET TO SUMMON
ANOTHER FROM MY DECK!
WITH 500 MORE
ATTACK POINTS!
GRR!
AND HE TEACHES US?
DON'T WORRY,
EVERYTHING IS UNDER CONTROL.
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
I GUESS IT'S YOUR TURN.
WHY, THANK YOU.
AND I SUMMON VAMPIRE BAT
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND WITH MY WINGED FRIEND
OUT ON THE FIELD,
EVERY ZOMBIE MONSTER
I HAVE OUT
GAINS 200
ATTACK POINTS!
DON'T THE 3 OF YOU
LOOK SO CUTE!
YOU KNOW,
IF YOU HAD BAGS,
YOU COULD GO
TRICK OR TREATING!
THE ONLY TREAT
WILL BE YOUR DEMISE!
ZOMBIE WEREWOLF,
GO SIC THAT GEAR SOLDIER,
MIDNIGHT POUNCE!
[HOWLS]
WELL, WELL.
IT WOULD APPEAR
THAT YOUR MUTT
STILL HAS
SOME BITE IN HIM
AFTER ALL.
NO MATTER, I STILL HAVE
MORE LIFE POINTS.
PERHAPS.
BUT NOT FOR MUCH LONGER!
VAMPIRE BAT,
ATTACK WITH SWARMING SCOURGE!
[SQUEAKING]
[GROANING]
I CAN ACTUALLY FEEL
THEIR LITTLE TEETH!
THIS ISN'T SOME
DUELING HOLOGRAM,
THIS IS REAL!
AND THAT CAN ONLY
MEAN ONE THING--
THIS IS REALLY
A SHADOW GAME, TOO!
Syrus: CROWLER'S
TAKING A BEATING.
NO, HE CAN'T!
IF CROWLER
DOESN'T WIN,
HE'LL LOSE HIS KEY
AND SOUL!
WHAT WILL WE DO?!
AAH!
HA HA HA!
FOR RUBBER BATS,
THEY PACK QUITE A WALLOP,
DON'T THEY?
LISTEN, DEAR,
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO ENDURE THIS.
STEP DOWN, AND I'LL DUEL
THAT ONE IN WHITE.
YOU HEAR THAT, ZANE?
IT SOUNDS AS THOUGH
YOU'RE HER TYPE.
YES,
OR HER BLOOD TYPE!
SO HOW ABOUT IT?
GIVE ME YOUR STUDENT,
AND I'LL LET YOU GO FREE.
Crowler: AS TEMPTING
AS YOUR OFFER IS,
I DON'T THINK SO!
I WON'T LET YOU LAY
A FINGER ON MY STUDENTS!
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
I AM THE LEADING
PROFESSOR
AT THE MOST FAMOUS DUEL
ACADEMY IN THE WORLD!
AND IF YOU WANT TO GET
TO MY PUPILS,
YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO GET THROUGH
YOURS TRULY.
BUT YOU CAN BARELY
STAND, CROWLER!
DON'T WORRY ABOUT ME.
I STILL HAVE
A DECK IN MY HAND,
AND A FEW TRICKS
UP MY SLEEVE!
LIKE THIS, FOR EXAMPLE!
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN CARD,
DAMAGE CONDENSER!
IT SUMMONS A MONSTER
FROM MY DECK
WHOSE ATTACK POINTS
ARE EQUAL OR LESS
THAN THE DAMAGE YOU'VE
JUST INFLICTED ON ME.
IN OTHER WORDS,
THE MORE PAIN YOU DEAL,
THE MORE HURT
YOU'LL FEEL!
RISE,
ANCIENT GEAR SOLDIER!
BUT HE WON'T
BE AROUND FOR LONG.
I'LL NOW SACRIFICE
THE ANCIENT
GEAR SOLDIER,
SO I CAN SUMMON
MY OWN 4-LEGGED FRIEND,
THE ANCIENT GEAR BEAST!
AND AS YOU'RE
ABOUT TO SEE,
HE'S WELL-TRAINED!
GO,
ANCIENT GEAR BEAST!
SHOW THAT
ZOMBIE WEREWOLF
WHO'S TOP DOG!
DON'T DO IT!
IF YOU WIN,
SHE'LL
BRING BACK
THE WEREWOLF
ALL OVER AGAIN!
HELLO!
APPRECIATE THE ADVICE,
BUT YOU'RE FORGETTING
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY:
ANCIENT GEAR BEAST
CANCELS THE EFFECT
OF ANY DESTROYED MONSTER!
CLEVER CALCULATION.
YES,
GOOD THINKING!
NOW, ATTACK ZOMBIE WEREWOLF!
[WHINING]
HA HA HA!
IF YOU'D
LIKE SOME HELP
WITH YOUR DUELING
STRATEGY,
FEEL FREE
TO STOP BY MY CLASS.
MAYBE CROWLER'S
LESSON PLANS
REALLY DO WORK.
QUIET.
HE'LL ONLY GIVE US
MORE HOMEWORK!
NICE MOVE.
PITY YOU WON'T HAVE
MANY MORE.
I CAST THE FIELD SPELL,
INFERNALVANIA!
BUT YOU'LL DESTROY
EVERYTHING WITH THAT!
EXACTLY!
BY DISCARDING A ZOMBIE
MONSTER FROM MY HAND,
I CAN SEND EVERY CREATURE
THAT IS ON THE FIELD
STRAIGHT TO THE GRAVEYARD!
THAT'S TRUE.
BUT DON'T YOU
FORGET,
BY USING THAT
INFERNALVANIA,
YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO BE ALLOWED TO
NORMAL SUMMON
YOUR MONSTERS
ANYMORE.
SO WHAT?
WHO SAYS I NEED
ANY MORE MONSTERS,
ISN'T THAT RIGHT?
DON'T PLAY GAMES
WITH ME.
I KNOW ALL ABOUT
THAT BAT OF YOURS!
BUT DO YOUR STUDENTS?!
DO THEY KNOW MY VAMPIRE BAT
CAN BE MADE INDESTRUCTIBLE
BY SIMPLY DISCARDING
ANOTHER ONE FROM MY DECK?
OR DID YOU SKIP
THAT CHAPTER?
OH, DEAR!
BUT FIRST,
I'LL DISCARD ONE
OF MY ZOMBIE MONSTERS,
FOR INFERNALVANIA!
AND LIKE I SAID,
NOW I'LL JUST DISCARD
ANOTHER VAMPIRE BAT
TO KEEP THIS ONE
ON MY FIELD!
NOW,
ATTACK THE GOOD PROFESSOR!
NO, NOT AGAIN!
I CAN'T TAKE
MUCH MORE OF THIS.
HE NEEDS OUR HELP.
NO! STAY BACK!
THIS IS MY DUEL,
AND MY DUEL ALONE!
YOU MUST PROTECT
YOUR KEYS.
UNH...
CROWLER!
WE CAN'T JUST STAND HERE
AND DO NOTHING!
YES,
I COMPLETELY AGREE
WITH YOU, DARLING.
PLEASE STEP IN.
SAVE YOUR TEACHER,
BECAUSE OBVIOUSLY,
HE CAN'T SAVE HIMSELF.
Jaden: WRONG!
OH?
Students: JADEN?!
DR. CROWLER
CAN WIN THIS DUEL!
I KNOW THAT VOICE.
IT'S SLACKER.
I KNOW BECAUSE
I'VE DUELED HIM!
BELIEVE ME,
HE CAN THROW DOWN!
AND HE'LL FIND
A WAY TO BEAT YOU!
SO GET UP, DR. CROWLER!
AND GET YOUR GAME ON!
I AM NOT GIVING UP!
OH, ARE YOU STILL HERE?
YOU HAD BETTER
BELIEVE IT.
AND HERE TO STAY, TOO,
MISSY!
YOU SEE,
THOUGH IT MAKES ME
SLIGHTLY ILL
TO ADMIT IT,
JADEN IS
ABSOLUTELY RIGHT!
I CAN BEAT YOU!
I CAN THROW DOWN,
AND I CAN GET
MY GAME ON!
BLECH, I SUDDENLY
FEEL THE NEED
TO RINSE MY MOUTH OUT.
COME ON,
IT'S NOT THAT BAD, TEACH.
YES, PERHAPS.
BUT YOU KNOW
WHAT IS?
HIS LIFE POINTS.
IT'S TRUE.
TO WIN, CROWLER WILL NEED
TO MOUNT QUITE A COMEBACK.
NOW, LET'S DUEL!
I SUMMON ANCIENT GEAR
GOLEM IN ATTACK MODE!
CHECK IT!
CROWLER'S BEST MONSTER!
BUT WHERE'S
THE SACRIFICE?
IT'S ON THE FIELD.
THE ANCIENT GEAR CASTLE.
A VERY SKILLFUL MOVE.
SEE, WHEN SUMMONING A MONSTER
WITH "ANCIENT" IN ITS NAME,
YOU CAN SACRIFICE
ANCIENT GEAR CASTLE,
AND IT COUNTS AS THE SAME
NUMBER OF SACRIFICES
AS HOWEVER MANY MONSTERS
YOU'VE SUMMONED SO FAR.
NOW, GEAR GOLEM,
ATTACK VAMPIRE BAT
WITH MECHANIZED MELEE!
UNH!
DID YOU FORGET
THAT VAMPIRE BAT
CAN'T BE DESTROYED?
BUT AS INFERNALVANIA
WILL DEMONSTRATE,
YOUR GOLEM CAN!
I'M AFRAID
YOU'RE MISTAKEN.
HUH?
WHAT'S HE GONNA DO?
OH, JUST DESTROY EVERY
TRAP AND SPELL CARD
ON THE ENTIRE FIELD!
SUFFER THE WRATH
OF HEAVY STORM!
UNH!
YOU MUST BE QUITE A BORE
FOR YOUR STUDENTS,
SO PREDICTABLE!
PLEASE, YOU DON'T
KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT.
HAH!
OH, DON'T I?!
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP CARD
ZOMBIE BED!
YOU CAN'T!
I JUST DESTROYED
ALL THE TRAP
AND SPELL CARDS!
WHICH IS EXACTLY
WHAT I WANTED YOU TO DO.
BUT WHY?!
OF COURSE, IT'S OBVIOUS.
IN ORDER TO BE ACTIVATED,
ZOMBIE BED HAS TO BE DESTROYED!
VERY GOOD, MY DARLING.
AND NOW THAT IT HAS BEEN,
ITS EFFECT LETS ME SUMMON BACK
ZOMBIE WEREWOLF IN ATTACK MODE!
THANKS TO YOUR CARD,
YOU'RE COMPLETELY
DEFENSELESS!
Chazz: SHE KNOWS
CROWLER'S EVERY MOVE
EVEN BEFORE HE DOES!
IT'S EASY WHEN YOU HAVE
A 100 FLYING BATS
SPYING ON EVERYONE!
HUH?
UHH!
HA HA, HA HA HA!
IT'S OVER, CROWLER!
I ACTIVATE BOOK OF LIFE!
IT RESURRECTS
MY VAMPIRE LORD!
HOWEVER,
YOU CANNOT GIVE LIFE
WITHOUT
TAKING IT AWAY.
SO I'LL BE TAKING
YOUR ANCIENT GEAR BEAST
FROM YOUR GRAVE,
SO YOU CAN'T
USE HIM AGAIN!
AND NOW I'M REMOVING
VAMPIRE LORD FROM PLAY,
SO THAT I CAN SUMMON
VAMPIRE GENESIS!
AND SINCE VAMPIRE BAT
IS STILL ON THE FIELD,
HIS ATTACK POINTS
INCREASE BY 200!
[ALL GASPING]
MY STUDENTS,
NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS TO ME,
ALWAYS REMEMBER THIS!
WHAT THE..?
IT'S TRUE,
I MAY HAVE BEEN
HARD ON YOU AT TIMES,
BUT IT'S SIMPLY BECAUSE
I BELIEVE IN YOU.
THEREFORE, IF I FALL HERE,
THERE'S STILL HOPE,
BECAUSE I KNOW YOU ALL
WILL RISE.
DON'T TALK LIKE THAT!
THIS ISN'T GOOD.
HAVE YOU FINISHED
YOUR FINAL LESSON YET,
CROWLER?
EXCUSE ME, BUT THAT'S
DOCTOR TO YOU!
HA HA, HA HA HA!
IF YOU WISH!
I'LL PUT IT ON YOUR TOMBSTONE
AS SOON AS I'M FINISHED!
VAMPIRE GENESIS,
DESTROY HIS GOLEM!
UNH!
[ALL GASP]
IS THAT ALL?
I THOUGHT THAT
YOU SHADOW RIDERS
WERE SUPPOSED
TO BE TOUGH!
HAH! YOU WANT MORE?
VERY WELL!
[ROARS]
AAH!
TOUGH ENOUGH?
HERE, TRY THIS, AS WELL!
VAMPIRE BAT, ATTACK!
DR. CROWLER!
JADEN, AVENGE ME, MY BOY.
HIS KEY IS MINE.
UH-UH! NO WAY!
WE CAN'T STOP HER.
SHE WON THE DUEL.
ONE DOWN, 6 TO GO.
AND NOW, DARLING CHILDREN,
TO TAKE MY SECOND PRIZE.
SHE PUT CROWLER'S
SOUL IN A DOLL!
DOLLS ARE PRETTY.
THIS IS DECIDEDLY NOT.
IT'S GARBAGE NOW.
THAT'S IT!
HUH?
BUT, ZANE!
NOW, I BID FAREWELL.
All: OHH!
HA HA HA HA!
WE'LL FIND YOU!
AND DUEL!
CHILDREN, THAT'S PRECISELY
WHAT I'M HOPING FOR!
[EVIL LAUGHTER]